hey it's Brent here with functionality
nets and I've got Brian today's 2-minute
take we're going to take a look at the
sharpie liquid pencil you'll all
remember that you all know the sharpie
brand spin around since 1964 and they
make the awesome permanent markers
lobbying firm all unconscionable
especially when friends get drunk can
you write on their faces with the
Farquhar's there's a good thing yes this
sharpie brand is actually owned by
Newell Rubbermaid really yeah I did not
know that awesome
they also own parker Waterman and paper
mate brands Wow well what is the liquid
pencil the liquid pencil is a sorry
excuse for a pencil an eraser bull pen
yeah basically they took this technology
that they developed and they made what's
they call liquid pencil which basically
means you can write with it and you can
erase it but then in about two days two
or three days it actually the supposed
to become but they say that it becomes
permanent in 24 hours we've tested it
after three or four days it's
semi-permanent I don't know if it ever
becomes completely permanent but
basically it's an uneven graphite type
of line that you can do it fades in and
out at clumps it's just generally not a
good writing experience yeah I mean the
reality is is that if you want to get a
pen get a pen if you want to get a
pencil get a pencil
shit-or-get-off-the-pot be a man like go
one for the other but this whole hybrid
thing yeah the only benefit that they
claim that Sharpie claims on this is
that you won't break your lead like you
would have a kind of a pencil but you
know I'd rather break my lead and then
write with this rather break your leg
yes it's just it just doesn't doesn't
even work no and I can't believe Sharpie
even released this product but it does
come with six erasers so there we go
there we go
I think at the end of the day it's hands
down we're not we don't like it really
good sucks for you
okay all right thanks a lot see